docs: scaling task agents (#70)
encord-team/encord-agents: docs/task_agents/sequential_runner.md

from encord_agents.tasks import Runner

# Step 1: Initialization
# Initialize the runner
# project hash is optional but allows you to "fail fast"
# if you misconfigure the stages.
runner = Runner(project_hash="<your_project_hash>")

# Step 2: Definition
# Define agent logic for a specific stage
@runner.stage(stage="my_stage_name")  # or stage="<stage_uuid>"
def process_task(lr: LabelRowV2) -> str | None:
    # Modify the label row as needed
    lr.set_priority(0.5)

    # Return the pathway name or UUID where the task should go next
    return "next_stage"

# Step 3: Execution
if __name__ == "__main__":
    # via the CLI
    runner.run()

    # or via code
    runner(
        project_hash="<your_project_hash">,
        refresh_every=3600,  # seconds
        num_retries = 1,
        task_batch_size = 1,
    )
```

To execute the runner via the CLI, you can do:

```shell
# simple
python example_agent.py --project-hash <your_project_hash>
# use help for additional configurations
python example_agent.py --help
```

## Running Agents

### Basic Execution

```python
runner.run()  # will run the runner as CLI tool
runner()      # will run the runner directly
```

> Both will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both options:
```

1. Connect to your Encord project
2. Poll for tasks in the configured stages
3. Execute your agent functions on each task
4. Move tasks according to returned pathway
5. Retry failed tasks up to `num_retries` times

> See below for [configuration options](.#runtime-configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [configuration options](.#runtime-configuration) below.
```

### Command Line Interface

The runner exposes configuration via CLI:

```bash
python my_agent.py \
    --project-hash "<project_hash>" \
    --task-batch-size 1 \
    --num-retries 3
    --refresh-every 3600 # seconds
```

### Order of execution

> The queue for `"stage_1"` will be emptied first and successively the queue for `"stage_2"`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The queue for `"stage_1"` is emptied first, and successively the queue for `"stage_2"`. 
```

> If you set the `refresh_every` argument, the runner will poll both queues again after emptying the initial queues. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set the `refresh_every` argument, the runner polls both queues again after emptying the initial queues. 
```

> In turn, data that came into the queue after the initial poll by the runner will be picked up in the second iteration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In turn, data that came into the queue after the initial poll by the runner is picked up in the second iteration.
```

> In the case where the time of an execution has already exceeded the `refresh_every` threshold, the agent will poll for new tasks instantly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case where the time of an execution has already exceeded the `refresh_every` threshold, the agent polls for new tasks instantly.
```

To give you an idea about the order of execution, please find the pseudo code below.

```python
# ⚠️  PSEUDO CODE - not intended for copying ⚠️
def execute(self, refresh_every = None):
    timestamp = datetime.now()
    while True:
        # self.agents ≈ [stage_1, stage_2]
        for agent in self.agents:  
            for task in agent.get_tasks():
                # Inject params based on task
                stage.execute(solve_dependencies(task, agent))  

        if refresh_every is None:
            break
        else:
            # repeat after timestamp + timedelta(seconds=refresh_every)
            # or straight away if already exceeded
            ...
```

### Error Handling

> The runner will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The runner:
```

> - Retry failed tasks up to `num_retries` times (default: 3). Note that changes to the label row are not rolled back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Retries failed tasks up to `num_retries` times (default: 3). Changes to the label row are not rolled back.
```

> - Log errors for debugging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Logs errors for debugging
```

> - Continue processing other tasks if one fails

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Continues processing other tasks if a task fails
```

> - Bundle updates for better performance (configurable via `task_batch_size`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bundles updates for better performance (configurable via `task_batch_size`)
```

## Configuration

### Initialization

::: encord_agents.tasks.runner.Runner.__init__
    options:
        show_if_no_docstring: false
        show_subodules: false

### Runtime Configuration

There are two ways to execute the runner.
You can run the runner directly from your code:

```python
...
runner = Runner()
...
runner(project_hash="<your_project_hash>")  # See all params below 👇
```

Or you can run it via the command-line interface (CLI) by employing the `runner.run()` function.
Suppose you have an `example.py` file that looks like this:

```python title="example.py"
...
runner = Runner()
...
if __name__ == "__main__":
    runner.run()
```

> Then, the runner will turn into a CLI tool with the exact same arguments as running it via code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, the runner functions as a CLI tool, accepting the same arguments as when executed in code.
```
